Android Sample - Medium API
===================
Sample android app for medium. It showcases process of generating android client library from OpenAPI specification.

> DISCLAIMER: This application code has been generated using activity template provided in Android Studio. It is intended to showcase use of client library generated by swagger client. No effort has been made to follow industry’s best practices for developing android apps. 
If you are interested in learning best practices for developing android apps, please follow Google’s official guides found here : [https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture)

Code Gen Tools
---------------
Install [swagger code gen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) to be able to generate library specific code for certain language. For this example, we are going to generate Retrofit 2 compliant code for Java. 

```
swagger-codegen generate --input-spec medium-api-specification.yaml -l java --library retrofit2 --output medium-api-android-retrofit-client
```

 * Option 1: Copy all the files under source.
 * Option 2: You can execute ‘gradle build’ to build jar file that can be included in your android project. 

Known issue on generated code:
During my testing I found bug in ‘ApiClient ‘ class related to ApiKey authentication. Update following block of code to make it compatible with api key authentication. 

```java
-- code
```

Now you can use your generated api key from medium to access their endpoint. Create an instance of ApiClient using following code. 

```java
-- code
```

Once you have the api client instance, you can create retrofit service classes and call the api. See retrofit() for more info. 

Here is an example of calling `/me` api endpoint. 

```java
-- code
```

Hope this helps. 



Advance Topic 
Retrofit with RxJava - if you are info RxJava, you can generate retrofit+rxjava client library using following command line

```
TODO - find the command.
```

License
===================
This project is subject to the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
